- [Instructor] Some applications must track
when an entity was created or modified
and which user did it.
This is called auditing, which is a common requirement,
especially with large-scale applications.
Spring Data recognizes this and provides features
to automatically do that tracking for you.
There are two ways to wire up Spring Data auditing.
One way is to decorate your own entity attributes
with predefined annotations.
The CreatedDate annotation injects the time stamp
of when the entity is first persisted.
The LastModifiedDate annotation injects
the time that the entity's update was last persisted.
The data time can be either long,
Joda-Time DateTime, pre-Java 8 Date and Calendar,
or Java 8 Date-Time.
The CreatedBy annotation injects the user
that created the record.
LastModifiedBy annotation injects the user
that last modified it.
The other way is to not touch the entity attributes.
Instead, implement the Auditable interface
and extend from AbstractAuditable base class.
AbstractAuditable provides the implementation
of the CreatedDate, LastModifiedDate,
CreatedBy, and LastModifiedBy attributes.
Either way, you need to pull the user
off of the session principle and inject it into the entity.
This is done by implementing
the AuditorAware service provider interface.
In this example, the class SpringSecurityAuditorAware
implements AuditorAware and leverages
Spring Security's Authentication object
to fetch the current user information.
Once these features are wired up,
you don't need to manage those attributes at all.
Spring does it all for you.